Honestly being a fresher, I am not quite sure but I assure you that I will give my best and work to my full potential so that I can contribute as much as I can towards the growth and welfare of this company. I am a self-motivated person and I try to exceed my superior's expectations with high-quality work. I can even be flexible with my hours to fill in where you need me. I am confident that my skills will contribute to your company's success. I will take on whatever responsibilities and challenges come on the way earnestly and give my work utmost importance. 


Your organization will surely prove to be an excellent platform for me to establish my skills and knowledge in the corporate world. Even though I am a fresher, I assure you that I will give my best and work to my full potential so that I can contribute as much as I can towards the growth and welfare of this company. On the other hand, I am a self-motivated person and I try to exceed my superior's expectations with high-quality work. Being a fast learner, I quickly pick up business knowledge related to my project. Lastly, I would like to add that I work well both as an individual contributor and also as a team member. Collectively, all these skills put together makes me a complete package for this job.

You could hire me because I have an experience of 2 years using python, c and C++; 1 year in the field of web development using HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Plus I was the tech support of multiple workshops conducted by a student chapter in my college last year, one of which was on web development using HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript and PHP. Had learnt MySQL in college in DBMS. Currently, I am the head of Publicity and Marketing of the same chapter. I have done a full course on java. I am a keen learner, a workaholic, and I try to complete every task I take up with perfection. I'll be looking forward to hearing from you and working with you.

I am very passionate about learning new things, have got good grasping skills and a self-motivated person. I am very dedicated towards my academics and have always given my best. I have good knowledge of the required skills for this position and I have also done a certified course in data science for improving my skills. Your organization will surely prove to be an excellent platform for me to establish my skills and knowledge in the corporate world. Even though I am a fresher, I assure you that I will give my best and work to my full potential so that I can contribute as much as I can towards the growth and welfare of this company.  I am very confident that I can deliver everything that you are looking for in a candidate. I am an opportunity seeker and really want to enhance my skills and knowledge under the guidance of your company and would surely love to be a part of it.

I need a platform to improve my knowledge and skill. I have relevant skills and experience. And I can give what organization need in return, hard-work and dedication. I will be highly obliged if I get such an amazing opportunity. I will give best of what I have for betterment and progress of Organization which I am connected to. Honesty and hard work will be my first priorities during the internship. I am ready to relocate. I am an opportunity seeker and will give the best performance if I get a chance. I am available and can start immediately. Thanks.


Honestly, joining this esteemed organization will help me learn a lot. I would really to seek the guidance of experienced and learned teams that are already on board. That way, I can become a better professional in future. Yours is a renowned brand and being a part of this huge enterprise will strengthen my base too. That is what matters at the end of the day, a strong foundation. And I feel your company can undoubtedly help me build one. In turn, I can assure you utmost dedication from my side and all that I can do at my level for the betterment of this organization.

I believe my strongest skill is my ability to think on my feet and not panic under pressure. I always keep an open mind and asses a problem meticulously before seeking its solution. I also am very punctual and don’t miss on deadlines. Lastly, I would like to add that I work conscientiously well both as an individual contributor and also as a team member. 

"It's my career aspiration to one day be a high-level executive. Ideally, I aspire to be exposed to a broad set of skills and technologies that would help me expand my knowledge base and experience. In order to achieve that goal, I have to start small. Learn from the inside. And this job opportunity will help me to gain the relevant experience I'll need to see my career aspirations through."
I wish to build a AI robot that could understand human emotions and help people through hard times

You could hire me because I have an experience of 2 years using python and C++ and 6 months of experience in working in data science. Plus, I have also done a certified full course in web development. I am well versed with react js. I am a keen learner, a workaholic, and I try to complete every task I take up with perfection. Honestly, joining this esteemed organization will help me learn a lot. I would really like to seek the guidance of experienced and learned teams that are already on board. That way, I can become a better professional in future. I am very confident that I can deliver everything that you are looking for in a candidate. I am an opportunity seeker and really want to enhance my skills and knowledge under the guidance of your company and would surely love to be a part of it. I'll be looking forward to hearing from you and working with you.
Thank you, sir, for considering me for this role. Any time on 18th may would work however I would prefer the interview to be scheduled at 11:30 AM. 
My phone number is 7776963575
My email ID is 2020kucp1064@iiitkota.ac.in

For me the work and the money gained is far more important that money. I want to spend these 3 months of summer break learning and establishing my skills and knowledge in the corporate world. I am an opportunity seeker and really want to enhance my skills and knowledge under the guidance of your company.

Firstly, having good knowledge of the subject pertaining to the role is very important. Apart from that dedication, hard work and willingness to learn are also very important characteristics I believe are needed to succeed in this role

I am applying for this job because I believe your organization will surely prove to be an excellent platform for me to establish my skills and knowledge in the corporate world that I have learned over the past year and would help me acquire invaluable experience. I am an opportunity seeker and really want to enhance my skills and knowledge under the guidance of your company and would surely love to be a part of it.
You could hire me because I have an experience of 2 years using python and 6 months of experience in working in data science. Plus, I have also done a certified full course in data science and currently learning machine learning. I am well versed with using python and statistics. I am a keen learner, a workaholic, and I try to complete every task I take up with perfection. Honestly, joining this esteemed organization will help me learn a lot. I would really like to seek the guidance of experienced and learned teams that are already on board. That way, I can become a better professional in future. I am very confident that I can deliver everything that you are looking for in a candidate. I am an opportunity seeker and really want to enhance my skills and knowledge under the guidance of your company and would surely love to be a part of it. I'll be looking forward to hearing from you and working with you.

